Skip to content
Travelswithsun
Travel Guide

Tour

About
Contact
Blog


MALAYSIA
21 Famous Penang Street Food To Try (The Only List You Need For 2022!)
By
Sun
October 21, 2021
Best Penang Street Food
Famous Penang food like laksa, kuay teow and cendol, have long put Penang on the world map. In fact, some of the best food in Penang is actually, Penang street food.

If you’re looking to try local dishes like Penang Hokkien mee, curry mee or oyster omelet, there are a lot of places that serve these! But how would you know which to choose?

In this list, we’ve listed locations in order of how well-known they are and by the dish they serve!

Char Koay Kak
Penang Hokkien Mee
Curry Mee
Mee Goreng
Teochew Chendol
Penang Assam Laksa
Char Koay Teow
Fish Head Bee Hoon
Penang Rojak
Koay Teow Soup
Loh Mee
Loh Bak
Lok Lok
Wanton Mee
Oyster Omelet
Seafood Popiah
Roti Canai
Nasi Lemak
Ikan Bakar
Penang Tambun Biscuit
Nasi Kandar
21 Best Food In Penang 2022
Leave your diet aside and get ready to travel by your stomach when you visit Penang!

1. Char Koay Kak (Fried Carrot Cake) – Mdm Ng’s Char Koay Kak
Having been in business for nearly 60 years, Mdm Ng inherited the stall from her mother.

Mdm Ng’s Char Koay Kak Humble Food Cart On Kimberley Street In Penang
Mdm Ng’s Char Koay Kak Humble Food Cart On Kimberley Street In Penang – photo credits to hungryonion.org
Although they may be called carrot cakes, these are actually radish cakes that are first steamed then fried.

Serving from an old food cart, Mdm Ng believes in cooking the traditional way – using charcoal and firewood to fry her carrot cakes.

Mdm Ng’s Char Koay Kak (Fried Carrot Cake) In Penang
Mdm Ng’s Char Koay Kak (Fried Carrot Cake) In Penang – photo credits to hungryonion.org
Mdm Ng serves her fried carrot cake in cones made of banana leaves and wrapped in newspaper. The aroma of the banana leaves mixed with steaming hot fried carrot cake is drool-worthy!

Location: Lebuh Kimberley, George Town, 10100 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 7:30am till finish

Other Recommendations:

Hong Kong Tea Garden Hawker Center
Sister Yao’s Char Koay Kak
More other best hokkien mee in penang
2. Penang Hokkien Mee – 888 Hokkien Mee
The tried and true 888 Hokkien Mee stall at Lebuh Presgrave (三条路) have been cooking prawn mee in a flavorful spicy thick broth for 3 decades!

888 Hokkien Mee Environment
888 Hokkien Mee Environment – photo credits to currykhoo (Instagram)
Order sides like meatballs, pork innards and crispy pork if you get there early! And get the ice kacang or cendol next door to end your meal!

Penang Hokkien Mee by 888 Hokkien Mee Is One Of The Best Food In Penang
Penang Hokkien Mee by 888 Hokkien Mee – photo credits to mantob2 (Instagram)
Location: 67-A, Lebuh Presgrave, George Town, 10300 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 4pm to 12am

Closed On: Thursday

Remark:

They have another branch at Jalan Mahsuri.
It’s tough to find parking here
Other Recommendations:

CY Choy Road Hokkien Mee
Ah Koo’s Hokkien Mee @ Classic Café
3. Curry Mee – Hot Bowl White Curry Mee
Somewhere along Rangoon Road is a reputable curry mee shop. Penang curry mee is different from most other curry mee in Malaysia.

Hot Bowl White Curry Mee
Hot Bowl White Curry Mee – photo credits to kennethong (Instagram)
The star ingredient is coagulated pigs blood! Along with some seafood and beancurd. If it’s not spicy enough, you can top up the chili paste!

Location: 58, Jalan Rangoon, 10400 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 8am to 3pm

Closed On: Monday

Other Recommendations:

Chulia Street Curry Mee
Lorong Seratus Tahun
4. Mee Goreng – Hameed Pata Mee Sotong
Out of all the other stalls at the open-air Esplanade Park, Hameed Pata Mee Sotong is the most popular!

Customers come to try this version of mee goreng that incorporates squid strips into the sambal.

Hameed Pata Special Mee Sotong
Hameed Pata Special Mee Sotong – photo credits to liyanarazalli (Instagram)
Have it either dry or with gravy. The beverage stall just beside happens to serve amazing cendol, coconut shake and ais kacang too!

Location: 5, Esplanade Park, Lebuh Light, 10300 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 11:30am to 8pm (They open later on Fridays at 12:15pm)

Other Recommendations:

Bangkok Lane’s Mee Goreng
Hussain Mee Goreng And Mee Rebus
5. Teochew Chendol – Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul
This brand may look familiar to you if you’ve been in the Klang Valley long enough! There are outlets in Klang Valley and in Ipoh!

Long Queue At The Original Stall Of Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul
Long Queue At The Original Stall Of Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul – photo credits to chanin_king (Instagram)
But Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul’s humble beginnings began from this very stall at Penang Road. Try it for yourself!

Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul Is One Of The Penang Famous Food
Cendul From The Original Stall That Started Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul – photo credits to gengen.eataroundtheworld (Instagram)
Location: Jalan Penang, 27 & 29, Lebuh Keng Kwee, George Town, 10450 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours:

Weekdays from 10:30am to 7pm
Weekends from 10am to 7:30pm
Other Recommendations:

Chendol At Joo Hooi Café
Read more: 9 Best Cendol In Penang That You Can Try Today!

6. Penang Assam Laksa – Penang Road Famous Laksa
Arguably one of the best laksa in Penang, and having spent a few decades in Joo Hooi Café, Penang Road Famous Laksa moved to their new location at Lebuh Keng Kwee in 2016.

Assam Laksa At Penang Road Famous Laksa
Assam Laksa At Penang Road Famous Laksa – photo credits to ell.mary (Instagram)
Penang Road Famous Laksa stands out from other stalls because of their fish broth! Instead of using mackerel, their fish broth is prepared daily using sardine and big-eye kingfish.

Their bowl of laksa comes with a spoonful of shrimp paste. It’s up to your preference whether to add it in.

But fans say that the shrimp paste stimulates the taste buds and makes the laksa more delicious!

Location: 5, Lebuh Keng Kwee, George Town, 10100 George Town, Pulau Pinang

Opening Hours: 9am to 5.30pm

Closed On: Wednesday

Other Recommendations:

Sin Hwa Coffee Shop Assam Laksa
Asam Laksa At Restaurant Taman Emas, Gottlieb Road
7. Char Koay Teow – New Siam Road Char Koay Teow
Equally as famous as Penang laksa, you must save some room in your stomach to try Penang koay teow!

The elderly man behind the stall at Siam Road still uses the traditional charcoal method to fry the dish!

Penang Street Food - The Long Serving Iron Cast Wok At New Siam Road Char Koay Teow
The Long Serving Iron Cast Wok At New Siam Road Char Koay Teow – photo credits to dennislaw07 (Instagram)
His char koay teow got so famous (world-famous, in fact) that he had to take a break for a few months to rest from the never-ending crowds! Prepare to wait at least an hour and a half to try it yourself!

Location: 82, Jalan Siam, George Town, 10400 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 12pm to 5pm

Closed On: Monday and Sunday

Remark:

Not halal
Peak hours are 12pm to 1:30pm and closer to 5pm
You need to stand the whole time to queue
Other Recommendations:

Duck Egg Char Koay Teow (鸭蛋炒粿条)
Ah Soon Char Koay Teow
Read more: 11 Best Char Kuey Teow In Penang

8. Fish Head Bee Hoon –  Village Fish Head Bee Hoon
Fan of tom yam? Then you will want to have a bowl of fish head noodles at this location! There are many tables but the average wait time is still 30-60 minutes!

Village Fish Head Bee Hoon, Weld Quay
Village Fish Head Bee Hoon, Weld Quay – photo credits to lydiaburr (Instagram)
There is a whole selection of add-ons besides fish slices to choose from. Including noodles and two types of soup base – tom yam or clear soup!

Location: 107A, Pengkalan Weld, George Town, 10300 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 12pm to 11:30pm

Other Recommendations:

Perak Lane Fish Head Bee Hoon
Tong Lek 8 Fried Fish Bee Hoon
9. Penang Rojak –  Hock Seng Rojak
After a queue of at least 30 minutes by the roadside, exposed to sunshine and potential bird poop bombs:

You can have a bowl of on-the-spot rojak at Hock Seng Rojak stall.

Rojak From Hock Seng Rojak Stall
Rojak From Hock Seng Rojak Stall – photo credits to jamie_patata (Instagram)
The key to their 40-year success is the thick home-made sauce. Topped with crunchy peanuts and dried shrimp!

Location: Gat Lebuh Cecil, 10300 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 3pm to 8:30pm

Closed On: Monday and Tuesday

Other Recommendations:

Rojak Ho Wei Jeng (101 Rojak)
Rojak At Penang Road Famous Teochew Chendul
10. Koay Teow Soup (粿条汤) – Loh Kei Duck Meat Koay Teow Th’ng
You have to wake up early for this one! Their MSG-free duck, pork and anchovy broth with rice noodles has many fans among the locals!

Loh Kei Duck Meat Koay Teow Th'ng (羅记鸭肉粿条汤)
Loh Kei Duck Meat Koay Teow Th’ng (羅记鸭肉粿条汤) – photo credits to darwislim (Instagram)
Sliced duck meat pairs well together with the noodles and soup so be sure to order that too!

Location: 13, Jalan Perak, George Town, 10400 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 7:30am to 11am

Closed On: Thursday

Other Recommendations:

Pitt Street Koay Teow Th’ng (Eel Fish Ball Noodle)
Koay Teow Soup Stall Tauge
11. Loh Mee (卤面) – Kim Leng Lor Mee At Restoran Joo Huat (金龙卤面)
Lor mee is not as common as it used to be. However, there is one long-standing stall at Restaurant Joo Huat at Perak Road that serves this savory classic dish that originally hails from Fujian.

Loh Mee At Kim Leng Lor Mee At Restoran Joo Huat 金龙卤面
Loh Mee At Kim Leng Lor Mee At Restoran Joo Huat 金龙卤面 – photo credits to pd_ren (Instagram)
Penang’s take on this braised noodle dish is thick oily-looking brown soup with herbal egg, bean sprouts, pig skin and intestines, and chicken feet! Accompanied by vinegar-garlic sauce and chili, of course!

Location: 336, Lintang Slim, Taman Desa Green, 11600 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 7am to 4pm

Closed On: Thursday

Other Recommendations:

218 Hainan Lor Mee
Ah Khoon Loh Mee
Kedai Kopi Seng Thor
12. Loh Bak (卤肉) – Prawn Fritters & Loh Bak @ Tan Jetty
Don’t miss out on the chance to try fresh loh bak at this stall in Tan Jetty! They have been operating their stall for 20 years!

Prawn Fritters & Loh Bak @ Tan Jetty
Prawn Fritters & Loh Bak @ Tan Jetty – photo credits to kwan_yean (Instagram)
Their crunchy prawn fritters are worth a try too!

Loh Bak By Tan Jetty (虾煎豆干鹵肉)
Loh Bak By Tan Jetty (虾煎豆干鹵肉) – photo credits to kwan_yean (Instagram)
Loh bak is a deep-fried snack of Teochew origin. Inside the bean curd roll is minced pork that has been marinated with 5-spice powder.

Location: 90-A, Pengkalan Weld, George Town, 10300 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 8am to 6pm

Other Recommendations:

Penang Kheng Pin Loh Bak
13. Lok Lok – Ping Hwa Lok Lok (槟华乐乐) At Pulau Tikus
Lok lok can come in all shapes and sizes. Fish balls, jellyfish, vegetables, pork belly slices, cockles, sausages and more! After being boiled on the spot, dip your lok lok into some sauce and have a taste!

Pulau Tikus 槟华乐乐
Pulau Tikus 槟华乐乐 – photo credits to jillianksy (Instagram)
There are over 30 types to try at Ping Hwa Lok Lok! And 5 types of home-made sauces like satay peanut sauce to go with them!

Location: Jalan Burma, Pulau Tikus, 10350 George Town, Penang

Opening Hours: 6pm to 11:30pm (Closes earlier on Sunday at 11pm)

Closed On: Wednesday

Other Recommendations:

Pantai Lok Lok @ Chai Leng Park
Read more: 11 Best Night Market In Penang – Monday To Sunday (Especially #5)

14. Wanton Mee (云吞面) – Tok Tok Mee Bamboo Noodle
What used to be Hong Kee Wan Thun Mee is now Tok Tok Mee Bamboo Noodles after being taken over by a group of young entrepreneurs.

Wanton Mee At Tok Tok Mee Bamboo Noodle
Wanton Mee At Tok Tok Mee Bamboo Noodle – photo credits to auwenkhoo (Instagram)
Patrons of the old wanton mee restaurant will be glad to know that the menu has remain unchanged.

Other than the same handmade traditional bamboo-pressed wanton noodles, there is also a selection of stir-fry dishes and pastries on the menu – just like how it used to be!

Location: 37, Campbell Street, 10100 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 8am to 10pm

Closed On: Wednesday

Remark: Likely to be crowded

Other Recommendations:

Hong Kee Bamboo Noodle, Campbell Street
Mother And Son Wantan Mee, Chulia Street
Read more: 13 Best Things To Do In Georgetown Penang

15. Oyster Omelet / Oh Chien (蚝煎) – Bee Hooi Restaurant
Fresh plump oysters with a sour-ish chili sauce complete the omelets that draw locals over to Burmah Road at Bee Hooi Restaurant.

Oyster Omelet (Oh Chien) At Bee Hooi Hawker In Penang
Oyster Omelet (Oh Chien) At Bee Hooi Hawker In Penang – photo credits to jackielicouss (Instagram)
Oyster omelets (oh chien) can be crispy or starchy – the one at Bee Hooi is the latter but pleasantly so!

Location: 415, Jalan Burma, Pulau Tikus, 10350 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 8am to 11:30pm

Closed On: Tuesday

Other Recommendations:

Kedai Kopi Seng Thor
New Lane Hawker Centre
Fried Oyster – Jelutong Post Office
Read more: 17 Best Cafe In Penang With Great Coffee (Includes New Cafes)

16. Seafood Popiah – Nur Poh Piah At Medan Selera Padang Brown
Popiah is a spring roll of sorts that is either made crispy or soft. Nur Poh Piah’s family recipe drenches theirs in gravy with homemade chili paste to top it off!

Popiah At Padang Brown
Popiah At Padang Brown – photo credits to fabianpoon (Instagram)
Prices are very affordable. Order the ‘keh liao’ version for crab meat in your popiah! The original popiah filling comprises of eggs, fried shallots, shredded turnips and carrots!

Location: Stall 17, Gerai Gerai Padang Brown (Dato Keramat Stalls)

Opening Hours: 2pm to 7pm

Closed On: Monday

17. Roti Canai – Roti Canai Gemas Road
Malaysians can’t live without roti canai!

If you want to try this Indian flatbread with an exceptional and thick curry sauce, go for Roti Canai Gemas Road! Curry flavors include beef, chicken or dhal.

Early opening hours makes it a suitable venue for local breakfast in Penang!

Roti Canai Gemas Road
Roti Canai Gemas Road – photo credits to joebundle (Instagram)
Sides like chopped onions, cheese, chicken, sunny side up further complement the perfectly flaky roti pastry.

Location: 51, 29, Jalan Gemas, Taman Kampar, 10460 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours:

Tuesday: 7am to 12:30pm, 5:30pm to 9pm
Wednesday: 7am to 12:30pm, 5:30pm to 9pm
Thursday: 7am to 12:30pm
Friday: 7am to 12:30pm, 5:30pm to 9pm
Saturday: 7am to 12:30pm
Sunday: 7am to 12:30pm
Closed On: Monday

Other Recommendations:

Roti Canai Transfer Road
Roti Canai Jalan Argyll
Read also: Penang National Park (Detailed Guide) – Spend A Delightful Day Hiking In Nature

18. Nasi Lemak – Ali Nasi Lemak Daun Pisang
Nasi lemak is a Malaysian staple and you can find this banana-leaf wrapped breakfast in every state! But this particular stall in Penang does it a bit differently!

Ali Nasi Lemak In Penang
Ali Nasi Lemak In Penang – photo credits to oh_yoyon (Instagram)
With side servings like fried fish or fried chicken and other dishes besides!

Location: Sri Weld Food Court, Beach St, George Town, 10300 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours:

Monday: 7am to 3pm
Tuesday: 7am to 2:15pm
Wednesday: 7am to 3pm
Thursday: 7am to 3pm
Friday: 7am to 3pm
Saturday: 7am to 2pm
Closed On: Saturday and Sunday

Remark:

Rice may run out if you go by 11am or later!
The sambal is quite spicy!
Other Recommendations:

Nasi Lemak Liverpool @ matroy Penang
Uncle Lanz Nasi Lemak
Read also: Froghill Of Gelugor– Hidden Gem Close To Penang

19. Ikan Bakar – Restoran Ikan Bakar Din
Restoran Ikan Bakar Din sells a lot more than their delicious signature dish, grilled fish or ikan bakar. They have an assortment of grilled seafood too. And beef soup.

Restoran Ikan Bakar Din, Kepala Batas, Penang
Restoran Ikan Bakar Din, Kepala Batas, Penang – photo credits to _ayie_smile_keke (Instagram)
Their food is halal and thus, it’s very crowded during lunch time making it hard to find parking!

Location: 6735, Jalan Butterworth, Kampung Permatang Manggis, 13200 Kepala Batas, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 11am to 4pm

Closed On: Thursday and Friday

Other Recommendations:

Adnan Bin Hassan Ikan Bakar
Abg Jit Ikan Bakar
Read more: 9 Best Places To Eat Durian In Penang

20. Penang Tambun Biscuit (Tau Sar Piah) – Him Heang
For freshly-baked local Penang pastries like tao sar piah (also known as tambun biscuit), this is a favorite stop for many visitors to Penang!

Him Heang Signature Traditional Pastry
Him Heang Signature Traditional Pastry – photo credits to ruff.yen.yong (Instagram)
Especially since the pastries are vegetarian-friendly. Sometimes, they can run out of the highly sought-after tao sar piah pastries before noon!

Location: 162A, Jalan Burma, 10050 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 8:30am to 5pm

Closed On: Sunday

Other Recommendations:

Ban Heang
Tean Ean Tau Sar Piah
Ghee Hiang
Soon Hiang Biscuit Shop 順香餅家 (Local Favourite)
21. Nasi Kandar – Hameediyah Restaurant
Officially the oldest nasi kandar restaurant in Malaysia as awarded by the Malaysia Book of Records, you will not be disappointed with the food here.

Longest Serving Nasi Kandar Restaurant In Malaysia
Longest Serving Nasi Kandar Restaurant In Malaysia – photo credits to hameediyah_restaurant (Instagram)
The restaurant is clean and air-conditioned although the queue frequently extends beyond the shop onto the street outside.

However, once you reach your turn, you will be delighted by the wide selection of dishes available. Ayam kapitan, mutton kurma, and beef rendang are among the must-try dishes!

Nasi Kandar At Hameediyah Restaurant Penang
Nasi Kandar At Hameediyah Restaurant Penang – photo credits to hameediyah_restaurant (Instagram)
Location: 164, Lebuh Campbell, George Town, 10100 George Town, Penang Island

Opening Hours: 10am to 10pm (except Friday), 10am to 12.30pm, 3pm to 10pm (Friday)

Other Recommendations:

See other famous nasi kandar stalls in Penang
Read more: 27 Best Things To Do In Penang

Conclusion
Penang food will satisfy the tummy of any foodie! But the numerous options will baffle a first-timer to Penang. It’s a challenge to try everything in a few days, let alone one day!

So note down the foods that you really want to try from this trustworthy list! Alternatively, you can always head to the neighboring city of Ipoh to try Ipoh food too!

Other posts you will like:

13 Best Restaurants In Penang For Lunch & Dinner (With Good Ratings)
10 Of The Best Fine Dining Restaurants in Penang
11 Best Seafood Restaurants In Penang (Recommended By Locals)
Top 21 Penang Museum To Pop Into (Especially Items 8 & 13)
Clan Jetties Of Penang: Floating Villages Like Chew Jetty In Georgetown
15 Best Hotels In Penang For An Unforgettable Stay
7 Hotels With Private Pool in Penang (Top Choices!)
Disclaimer: This site contains affiliate links to products. We may receive a commission for purchases made through these links.

Share this post with your friends and family!
Similar Posts







MORE STORIES & GUIDES
Search for:
Search …

Ipoh Travel Guide

Ipoh Attractions

Best Ipoh Cafes

Ipoh White Coffee

Best Ipoh Food

Ipoh Dim Sum

Ipoh Biscuits & Souvenirs

Ipoh Shopping Malls

Ipoh Nightlife

Best Ipoh Hotels

Best Ipoh Homestays


Cameron Highlands Guide

Cameron Highlands Attractions

Strawberry Farm Cameron Highlands

Lavender Garden Cameron Highlands

Cameron Highland Night Market

Steamboat Cameron Highlands

Ipoh To Cameron Highlands

Kuala Lumpur To Cameron Highlands

Singapore To Cameron Highlands

Cameron Highlands Hotels


Penang Travel Guide

Penang Attractions

Best Penang Cafes

Best Penang Food

Penang Itinerary

Best Penang Hotels

Best Time To Visit Penang


Malaysian-run website focusing on travel in Malaysia, New Zealand and many more countries to come.

Partners of Raythetour for private Ipoh tours (and Ipoh to Cameron Highlands tours) that are highly customizable and quality-driven!


CONTACT
Phone Number:
+6016 329 8342

Email:
travelswithsun[at]hotmail[dot]com

Website:
https://www.travelswithsun.com

USEFUL GUIDES
Ipoh Travel Guide
Cameron Highlands Travel Guide
Penang Travel Guide
Langkawi Travel Guide
TOUR PACKAGES
Ipoh Private Tour
Ipoh Cameron Highlands Private Tour
© 2017-2022 travelswithsun.com | Ipoh & Cameron Highlands Tour | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms

DMCA.com Protection Status

